docs: init a vuepress documentation (#2075)
ovh/manager: docs/guide/applications.md

> # Applications

Reviewer: When I arrive on this screen, I get scrolled to the bottom of the screen

Author: Caution: the preview link isn't up-to-date.

I will take a closer look if I'm able to reproduce.

Reviewer 2: Like @FredericEspiau, I have same behavior on each page, once you've scrolled down one

Author: @FredericEspiau @JeremyDec Found the issue.

I will update the preview link.

> All applications are located in `packages/manager/apps/*` workspace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All applications are located in the `packages/manager/apps/*` workspace.
```

It houses:

- Four large AngularJS monolithic applications (listed below).
- A Sign-up form.
- Several standalone applications.

> An application can be started for a specific region.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The monolithic applications can be started for a specific region.
```

| Application                   | Region       |
| ----------------------------- | ------------ |
| [Web](#web)                   | EU           |
| [Server](#server)             | EU / CA / US |
| [Public Cloud](#public-cloud) | EU / CA / US |
| [Telecom](#telecom)           | EU           |

:::tip Information

> Pay attention that regarding the region, you should rely on a different API URL.

Reviewer 4: -regarding +depending

Reviewer: `depending on`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on the requested region, the URL to access the API will be different
```

- <https://api.ovh.com/console/>
- <https://ca.api.ovh.com/console/>
- <https://api.us.ovhcloud.com/console/>
:::

## Web

![](/manager/assets/img/control-panel-web.jpg)

### How to start the application?

#### Using `yarn workspace` <Badge text="recommended"/>

```sh
$ yarn workspace @ovh-ux/manager-web run start:dev
```

> #### Using alternative:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Using alternative
```
?

```sh
$ cd packages/manager/apps/web
$ yarn run start:dev
```

### How to build the application?

```sh
$ yarn run build -p @ovh-ux/manager-web
```

## Server

![](/manager/assets/img/control-panel-server.jpg)

::: tip Information
Both applications **Dedicated** and **Cloud** are grouped under the **Server**
tab.

They can be started in different region with a given environment variable.
:::

### How to start the application?

```sh
$ export REGION=EU && yarn workspace @ovh-ux/manager-dedicated run start:dev
```

or:

```sh
$ cd packages/manager/apps/dedicated # or cloud
$ export REGION=EU && yarn run start:dev
```

### How to build the application?

```sh
$ yarn run build -p @ovh-ux/manager-dedicated # or @ovh-ux/manager-cloud
```

## Public Cloud

![](/manager/assets/img/control-panel-public-cloud.jpg)

::: tip Information

> Application can be started in different region with a given environment variable.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Application can be started in different regions with a given environment variable.
```
Or `Application can be started in a different region with a given environment variable.`
